Perfection "Practice makes perfect" "Nobody's perfect" I'm so confused
85% of conversations with my mom is trying to figure out who the "she" in her story is.
Why did the mexican take xanax? For hispanic attacks
How do we know Jesus wasn't good with the ladies? He only got nailed once
Why was Han Solo suspicious when he first put his penis in Princess Leia? It was Luke warm
What is Michael J Fox's favourite song? Shake It Off by Tayler Swift
Why did the chicken cross the road? Mayweather won
My friend really changed when she became a vegetarian It's like I've never seen herbivore.
I just stopped by the Apple store to use the restroom. iPeed.
Women can be sexist too It's just that men are better at it like everything else.
Actually, I thought 50 Shades Of Grey was about Taco Bell meat.
knock knock Who's There? Do you ya Do you ya who? No, It's 2014 I use Google
What do The Sixth Sense and Titanic have in common? Icy Dead People.
What would happen if all of the mass in the universe turned into energy? The universe would be light.
Password reminder: The hero in second grade who farted instead of saying 'here' during attendance.
I saw a man drinking brake fluid. But then he stopped.
Why are DJ's so bad at fishing? Because they're always dropping the Bass.
The KKK adopted a higway Jokes on them, it's black
What is the worst thing about people who don't finish anything?
I've stopped asking what the meaning of life is. My question now is: "Why do only technologically-challenged people use self-check-outs?".
What is the opposite of Karen Carpenter and John Denver duo? Two Live Crew
What's the most annoying thing someone can say? Nevermind.
my doctor asked if it burns when I pee. I said only when it gets in my eyes.
What did Buddha say to the Pizza guy? "Make me one with everything."
"Hey dad! Did you get a haircut?" "No. I got them all cut."
The Bible would be more believable if Adam was tempted by a slice of pizza instead.
.@Starbucks it is 2014 why don't you sell pickles
Q: What are the best ten years of an  Irishman's life? A: Third grade.
What does a fish say when it hits a concrete wall? Dam.
I'll pleasure you in ways you never thought possible like vacuuming and doing dishes
What is a feminist's least favourite Maths topic? Trigger-nometry.
When someone says "It is what it is," I reply, "Isn't it?" so we can both sound useless.
"They're looking for you." "Who is?" "These nuts"
How does a lawyer sleep? He rests his case...
Math problems were invented by men, just so women would be wrong some of the time.
My dad's addicted to christmas dinner But he's been cold turkey every meal since.
After working for 24 hours straight... I called it a day.
Why are gametes so popular? Because sex sells!
I once farted in Apple store and everybody got pissed of... ...it's not my fault that they don't have Windows.
What does a fisherman say when he catches a fish? His catch-phrase. Short n' Sweet, hope you like it!
What is a group of porn stars called? A Gaggle.
I bet if a soccer announcer sees a monster, he probably yells: "GHOOOOUL!"
What has two thumbs and doesn't understand jokes that require a visual component? This guy!
Was The Little Mermaid directed by a pilot? Because it's mostly Ariel footage.
I am the best juggler in the world. But I don't have the balls to show it to you.
My sex life is just like my typing skills. One handed.
Where do Eskimos keep their money? In snowbanks.
Why should you never date an atom? The split is gonna be explosive
What is a Ninja's favorite beverage? Karatea From Fargo Ep. 2
What's the best way for an American to lose weight? Gamble in British currency.
